Added ISSUE_TEMPLATE link in CONTRIBUTING.md (#1091)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Where to start: issues

Before you open a new issue, please check if any of our [open issues](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues) covers your idea already.

> If you open a new issue, please follow our basic guidelines laid out in our [issue template](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/tree/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/) which are further classified into [New Chapter Template](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/tree/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/CHAPTER_ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md) , [General](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/tree/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md) and [Bug Report](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/tree/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you open a new issue, please follow our basic guidelines laid out in our [issue templates](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/new/choose). 
There are 3 issues templates to choose from.: 
1. New Chapter Template ([preview here](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/new?assignees=&template=CHAPTER_ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md)):  This issue is a place to discuss matters relating to the writing a new chapter on a new topic or adding a subchapter in an already existing chapter.
2. General ([preview here]((https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/new?assignees=&template=ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md)):  Use this template for a general issue related to the book, community, process or ideas. 
3. Bug Report ([preview here]((https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug_report.md&title=%5BBUG%5D)): With this template, create an issue report that can help others repair something that is currently broken. 
This can be used for reporting errors like typos and broken links.
```
